# Levels 15-20
## lvl 15 -> 16
- Used openssl and s_client to connect to localhost:30001 and submit password
```
$ openssl s_client -connect localhost:30001
read R BLOCK
8xCjnmgoKbGLhHFAZlGE5Tmu4M2tKJQo
Correct!
kSkvUpMQ7lBYyCM4GBPvCvT1BfWRy0Dx
```
- **kSkvUpMQ7lBYyCM4GBPvCvT1BfWRy0Dx**

## lvl 16 -> 17
The credentials for the next level can be retrieved by submitting the password of the current level to a port on localhost in the range 31000 to 32000. First find out which of these ports have a server listening on them. Then find out which of those speak SSL/TLS and which don’t. There is only 1 server that will give the next credentials, the others will simply send back to you whatever you send to it.
- Tried `$ nmap -p 31000-32000 localhost` first which showed me 5 ports but no info on ssl
- Then used -sV option to see what service is running on each port
```
PORT      STATE SERVICE  
31046/tcp open  echo
31518/tcp open  ssl/echo
31691/tcp open  echo
31790/tcp open  ssl/unknown
31960/tcp open  echo
```
- Used openssl to connect to port 31790 but it responded with KEYUPDATE. Hint in the instructions mentioned this so I checked `$ man openssl s_client` and found -quiet under the connected commands section. Below command worked and responded with sshkey

`$ openssl s_client -connect localhost:31790 -quiet`


## Level 17 -> 18
There are 2 files in the homedirectory: passwords.old and passwords.new. The password for the next level is in passwords.new and is the only line that has been changed between passwords.old and passwords.new
```
$ diff passwords.new passwords.old
42c42
< x2gLTTjFwMOhQ8oWNbMN362QKxfRqGlO
---
> BMIOFKM7CRSLI97voLp3TD80NAq5exxk
```
- **x2gLTTjFwMOhQ8oWNbMN362QKxfRqGlO**

## Level 18 -> 19
The password for the next level is stored in a file readme in the homedirectory. Unfortunately, someone has modified .bashrc to log you out when you log in with SSH.

```
$ ssh bandit18@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220 ls
readme
```
```
$ ssh bandit18@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220 cat readme
cGWpMaKXVwDUNgPAVJbWYuGHVn9zl3j8
```

- **cGWpMaKXVwDUNgPAVJbWYuGHVn9zl3j8**

## Level 19 -> 20
To gain access to the next level, you should use the setuid binary in the homedirectory. Execute it without arguments to find out how to use it. The password for this level can be found in the usual place (/etc/bandit_pass), after you have used the setuid binary.
```
$ file bandit20-do
bandit20-do: setuid ELF 32-bit LSB executable
```
```
$ ./bandit20-do
Run a command as another user.
Example: ./bandit20-do whoami
```
```
$ ./bandit20-do cat /etc/bandit_pass/bandit20
0qXahG8ZjOVMN9Ghs7iOWsCfZyXOUbYO
```

- **0qXahG8ZjOVMN9Ghs7iOWsCfZyXOUbYO**
